[Docs] Update introduction document description (#769)
exercism/v3: docs/concept-exercises.md

### `.docs/introduction.md`

> This file provides an introduction to the concept. It should be explicit about what the exercise teaches and provide a short, concise introduction to the concept(s). The aim is to give the user the just enough context to figure things out themselves and solve the exercise. We've found that this is the optimal learning experience. As an example, only providing the user with a keyword is preferred over including any code samples or an extensive description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file provides an introduction to the concept. It should be explicit about what the exercise teaches and provide a short, concise introduction to the concept(s). The aim is to give the user the just enough context to figure things out themselves and solve the exercise, as research has shown that self-discovery is the most effective learning experience. Mentioning technical terms that the student can Google if they so want, is preferable over including any code samples or an extensive description. For example we might describe a string as a "Sequence of Unicode characters" or a "series of bytes" or "an object". Unless the user **needs** to understand the details of what those mean to be able to solve the exercise we should not give more info in this introduction - instead allowing the student to Google, ignore, or map their existing knowledge.
```
